Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

A: It narrowed down the number of lines that had to be checked, saving me a lot of time.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

A: Sometimes you need to undo changes made to the application. This process can be time-consuming
   if you don't have earlier versions of the files. But even if you do, keeping track of every single
   change is not a viable option unless it is automated.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
   like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

A: The downside is that you have to remember to commit (and think when to commit). On the other hand,
   what is important about the commits is that they have meaning. 
   If a commit is described, you (and other developers) can relate to it in the future. 
   Commits slice your history into logical units.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
   while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

A: This way the state of the whole application is reflected. In an application most often files are 
   interconnected and depend on one another. Tracking changes in every file individually is not that
   useful in this case. I does not give you a "snapshot" of the application.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

A: First you use git log to see the list of all commits. Once you have located the commit that interest
   you, you can check what changes had been made by comparing it with the previous one using git diff.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

A: By making you able to restore any previous stable state of the application.

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

A: I will try to use Git for managing changes in the source code of my website.


